# citi-marketing-and-trading-virtual-experience-forage
# task-1
As you will be speaking at the internal sales meeting you should prepare a brief text to read out. 2-3 paragraphs are sufficient and given it is an informal meeting there is no need for any plots or other media.The Citi economist will be present at the meeting to discuss the internal Citi research view and the associate on your desk is in charge of outlining the sales desks view so you should stick to summarizing the external information.
Overnight Recap: Keep this relatively brief as the focus of the day will be on the FOMC meeting. While there are obviously many currencies throughout Asia and Europe given the focus on the FOMC it is best to focus primarily on the moves in USD rates during these sessions. However, if you believe some of the moves in other markets such as AUD or EUR are particularly relevant feel free to mention them.
Outline the economic setting in terms of the recent key economic data. Provide a brief recap of what happened at the previous meeting. Outline the overall market consensus about what is expected at this meeting. Once you’re happy with your summary please submit the text. Note that while you are going to present your summary at the sales meeting, it should not be written as a speech/presentation and you should think of this as more of an informal report/email.
# answer
Today’s highlight will, of course, be the September FOMC meeting. Given the relatively weak August jobs data and inflation having subsided slightly in recent months, the market consensus is that there will not be any policy changes at the meeting itself  . However, the meeting will still be an informative one as we are set to receive an updated dot plot and may also receive some hints regarding the upcoming tapering.

In the most recent update to the dot plot in June, the median of the Fed’s forecasts was for no hikes in 2022, followed by two in 2023 and terminal rates around 2.5%. Given inflation remaining around 4%, despite continuing claims that this is only transitory, it seems very unlikely that any of the Fed officials already calling for a hike in 2022 would remove their dots. Hence, the risk is skewed to more dots appearing for a 2022 hike. However, given the market is already pricing in a hike towards the end of 2022, this is unlikely to lead to a major sell-off . Current market pricing still has the Fed on hold until 2023, with just one rate hike in 2023 and up to two additional hikes in 2024.

With regards to tapering, as mentioned, given the weak employment data and the uncertainty around the Delta variant, it is now looking unlikely that they will announce a start to tapering. However, the market will be watching whether there are any updates to the previous signaling , which had suggested that the tapering was likely to begin towards the end of this year. Any information here will come from the press conference, as it is unlikely they will make any meaningful changes to the wording of the statement itself.

In terms of overnight news, the moves were relatively muted. After an initial sell-off in risk assets, markets traded risk-on overnight after Evergrande said it would pay some of its debt payments which are due tomorrow. This, alongside an injection of 120 billion yuan, roughly $19 billion, by the Chinese Central Bank, reassured markets somewhat. Despite the news, the moves in USD rates were pretty contained, 10-year treasuries traded a three basis point range, and yields are currently back around 1.33 where we left them yesterday.(Short recap of the overnight moves as there wasn’t really any major moves. It is also helpful to speak about events in terms of their impact on a liquid product so that people have some context as to how important the moves are seen to be in the market. By using the U.S. Treasuries as a reference this is particularly useful as most people in the room will care about how relevant the news is for the U.S.)
